Document behaviour of ternary operator of literals. (#12708)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

the underscores are ignored.

Number literal expressions retain arbitrary precision until they are converted to a non-literal type (i.e. by
using them together with anything else than a number literal expression (like boolean literals) or by explicit conversion).
This means that computations do not overflow and divisions do not truncate
in number literal expressions.

For example, ``(2**800 + 1) - 2**800`` results in the constant ``1`` (of type ``uint8``)
although intermediate results would not even fit the machine word size. Furthermore, ``.5 * 8`` results
in the integer ``4`` (although non-integers were used in between).

.. warning::

>     While most operators produce a literal expression when applied to literals, there are certain operators that do not follow this pattern:
>     - Ternary operator (``... ? ... : ...``),
>     - Array subscript (``<array>[<index>]``).

Reviewer: Looks like this does not render properly in RST. I think we need an empty newline before the list.
```suggestion
    While most operators produce a literal expression when applied to literals, there are certain operators that do not follow this pattern:

    - Ternary operator (``... ? ... : ...``),
    - Array subscript (``<array>[<index>]``).
```

the underscores are ignored.

Number literal expressions retain arbitrary precision until they are converted to a non-literal type (i.e. by

> using them together with a non-literal expression or with booleans like true/false or by explicit conversion).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using them together with anything else than a number literal expression (like boolean literals) or by explicit conversion).
```

This means that computations do not overflow and divisions do not truncate
in number literal expressions.

For example, ``(2**800 + 1) - 2**800`` results in the constant ``1`` (of type ``uint8``)
although intermediate results would not even fit the machine word size. Furthermore, ``.5 * 8`` results
in the integer ``4`` (although non-integers were used in between).

.. warning::

>     There are cases, such as those involving the ternary operator, where implicit conversions to types of a smaller size can happen.

Reviewer 2: type smaller than what?

the underscores are ignored.

Number literal expressions retain arbitrary precision until they are converted to a non-literal type (i.e. by
using them together with anything else than a number literal expression (like boolean literals) or by explicit conversion).
This means that computations do not overflow and divisions do not truncate
in number literal expressions.

For example, ``(2**800 + 1) - 2**800`` results in the constant ``1`` (of type ``uint8``)
although intermediate results would not even fit the machine word size. Furthermore, ``.5 * 8`` results
in the integer ``4`` (although non-integers were used in between).

.. warning::

>     There are cases, such as those involving the ternary operator, where implicit conversions to sub-types of a smaller size can happen.
>     (For example, a rational number 100 will get converted to uint8 because uint8 is the smallest sized type that is sufficient to accommodate it)
>     This can lead to unintended overflows during calculations further down the pipeline.
> 
>     For example ``255 + (true ? 1 : 0)`` will revert due to arithmetic overflow.
>     The reason is that ``(true ? 1 : 0)`` is of ``uint8`` type, which forces the addition to be performed in ``uint8`` as well,
>     and 256 exceeds the range allowed for this type.

Reviewer: Here's my take:
```suggestion
    While most operators produce a literal expression when applied to literals, there are certain operators that do not follow this pattern:
    - Ternary operator (``... ? ... : ...``),
    - Array subscript (``<array>[<index>]``).

    You might expect expressions like ``255 + (true ? 1 : 0)`` or ``255 + [1, 2, 3][0]`` to be equivalent to using the literal 256 directly, but in fact they are computed within the type ``uint8`` and can overflow.
```
